# Flask-Chat
A simple real time chat application

### February 15th, 2016
The very first thing you need to do is install `Python 2.7`,`Pip`, and `git` on your machine. After you install git on you computer,execute the following command: `git clone https://github.com/RayFerr000/Flask-Chat.git`. This will grab the git repo from github and create a copy of it on your machine. If you type the command `ls` in your terminal now you should see a folder called `Flask-Chat`. Now that the folder is there, type `cd Flask-Chat` into the terminal to move into the project folder. You can check to make sure that you're in that folder by typing `pwd` into the terminal. The command `pwd` will print out the path to the folder your terminal is currently in. For example, if you cloned the repo into `/Documents`, then `pwd` should return `/Documents/Flask-Chat`. If `pwd` returned `/Documents/Flask-Chat` , execute the command `virtualenv env` to create a virtual environment called `env`. Once you virtual environment is created, execute the command `source env/bin/activate` to activate your virual environment. Now execute the command `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the libraries in your virtual environment. If you activated your virtual environment and `pwd` returns `/Documents/Flask-Chat` you should be able to execute the command `python run.py` which will start the web server. Once the web server is up, open your browser and go to the url `http://127.0.0.1:5000/` and you should see the text `This is the main url.` displayed on the page.I loosely followed [this tutorial](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world).